---
layout:     post
title:      "About"
subtitle:   "History/background information about our organisation"
date:       2015-01-01 00:00:02
header-img: "img/home-bg.jpg"
---

## History/background Information

The Needy Today is a fully registered Local Non-governmental organization that has its head office at 8 Sorie Conteh Street, Makambo, Makeni, Northern Province, Sierra Leone. P.O. Box 15.  
The organization started in 2005 by Mr. Dauda Ahmid Koroma who is the founder and Executive Director and some other young Sierra Leoneans with the motive of initially providing support to children that were greatly devastated by the eleven year civil war. Our Support to these children ranged from quality education, provision of quality care support including food, health care facility and foster care adoption. 

From inception, we have so far supported 10,924 children in 250 communities within Bombali, Port Loko, Karene, Kambia and Koinadugu Districts. 

Since then our mandate has opened considerably as we also now address issues relating youth and women economic empowerment, support to disabled persons and support to people affected by COVID-19 off late. More specifically, our assistance to these needy categories of people ranges from __Education/skills training, agriculture, microfinance/grants, entrepreneurship training, food, quality health care and sanitation and clothes/wears__. 

So far we have been able to meaningfully support 1,962 youths, 5890 deprived women and 980 disabled persons. Through our initiatives, we have helped changed the miserable lives of these people and are coping glaringly well with their families. 

We would have gone beyond our present operational areas but limited resources have curtailed us so far. Actually there are many more in need of support and we hope to reach them once we access the available funds/materials.

## Our Target Beneficiaries

Presently we do provide support to:

* Orphans and other less privileged children
* Deprived women
* Disabled persons
* Needy youths
* Needy COVID-19 affected people

## Vision

A just and self-reliant society (Sierra Leone) where women, men, children, youth, persons with disability and communities live in productive life and dignity without discrimination especially on grounds of sex, faith, socio-economic and political status.

## Mission Statement

Seeking lasting solutions in helping deplorable people achieve a brighter future in Sierra Leone.

## Organizational Aim

Our aim is to provide assistance to people in deplorable conditions with life changing strategies that would better enhance them overcome those challenges more effectively. 

## Core Value

Our organization is passionate and remains committed to the following core values 

* Transparency
* Accountability
* Professionalism 
* Respect 
* Gender parity  
* Integrity 

## Operational Areas

Presently we are operating in 5 districts in 250 communities within Bombali, Karene, Port Loko, Kambia and Koinadugu Districts, Northern Sierra Leone.

## Future Plans

* Extend to more vulnerable communities reaching out to more beneficiaries
* Build more schools and vocational training facilities to enhance education/skills training development
* Provide recreational facilities for the children 
* Support more women in agriculture and food security 
* Provide livelihood supports for disables 
* Provide alternative livelihood support to societal heads to stop FGM
* Increase education support to the girl-child to frustrate early child marriages 
* Partner with like-minded organisation to address water and sanitation challenges in our operation areas 
* Extend practical development in agriculture for youths and women with improve techniques.
